IndoorView documentation (#53)
MapsIndoors/mapsindoors.github.io: collections/_cms/index.md

In the Edit Location Form you can do the following:

### Location Type

This can be changed by clicking the drop down menu with Location Types.

### Name

Enter a new name for the Location. You can also add another language.

### Description

Provide a description of the Location.

There is an option to add more information for this Location. This can be done by clicking on Location Type templates in the main navigation. From there you can add specific fields to a Location Type, those fields will then appear in the Location form.

### Categories

Add or remove Categories the Location belongs to.

### Icon Settings

> Change the Icon associated with the Location. See [here](#managing-icons) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Change the Icon associated with the Location. See "[Managing Icons](#managing-icons)" for more information.
```

### Image

> Take a picture of your location and uploaded it here. Pictures on locations makes it easier for end users to localize a locations in the real world.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Take a photo of your Location and upload it here. Photos on Locations makes it easier for your users to find a location in the real world.
```

### Image with IndoorView

> IndoorView is only supported for web
{: .mi-careful}

> To get started using the IndoorView feature for your locations please make sure that the Google Street View panorama images are publicly available for your building by examining [Google Maps](https://www.google.com/maps). If no imagery is available then please contact a certified Street View Photographer [here](https://www.google.com/streetview/contacts-tools/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started using the IndoorView feature for your Locations, please make sure that the _Google Street View panorama images_ are publicly available for your building by looking at [Google Maps](https://www.google.com/maps). If no imagery is available, please [contact a certified Street View Photographer](https://www.google.com/streetview/contacts-tools/).
```

1. Click "Set Street View image”

>   - This will open a Google Street View window showing an image closest to this Location. Please note that the MapsIndoors CMS look for panorama images within a certain radius from the location position, so make sure to have panorama images published in that area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - This will open a Google Street View window showing the image closest to this Location. Please note that the MapsIndoors CMS looks for panorama images within a certain radius from the Location's position, so make sure to have panorama images published in that area.
```

1. Navigate Street View and find an image and viewing angle that is suitable
1. Click "Set image”

> **Developing your own app:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Developing your own app**
```

> When developing your own app you can still use the MapsIndoors CMS to save the Google Street View image information to a location. When the Panorama image is set the location gets populated with a `streetViewConfig property. Please see below for an example.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When developing your own app, you can still use the MapsIndoors CMS to save the Google Street View image information to a Location. When the Panorama image is set, the Location gets populated with a `streetViewConfig` property. Please see below for an example.
```

Location Object:

```javascript
{
  "id": "586ce41ebc1f571794b9e924",
   ...
  "properties": {
    "name": "Copenhagen",
     ...
    "streetViewConfig": {
      "panoramaId": "CAoSLEFGMVFpcE41dTZnVzNpVnU1WmliRjk0T2tpMENhZ3Fya3ljVFh3TjVzN2lY",
      "povHeading": 203.1294893976259,
      "povPitch": -13.068754012666432
    }
  }
}
```

> The parameters above can be used to show a static Street View image through the Street View Static API. Please see [the documentation](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/streetview/intro) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The parameters above can be used to show a static Street View image through the Street View Static API. Please see [the Street View documentation](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/streetview/intro) for more information.
```

A Street View panorama image can be initialized in a `<div>` the following way:

```javascript
function initStreetView(streetViewConfig) {
       const panorama = new google.maps.StreetViewPanorama(
            document.getElementById('panorama'),
            {
                pano: streetViewConfig.panoramaId,
                pov: {
                    heading: streetViewConfig.povHeading,
                    pitch: streetViewConfig.povPitch
                },
                zoom: 0,
                visible: true
            });
}
```

Please see the official [Google Street View Service documentation](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/streetview) for more information.

> **Private hosted:**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Privately hosted**
```

> As mentioned above the IndoorView feature only support public available Google Street View imagery but [here](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/streetview#CustomStreetView) you will find some well-written documentation on how to get up running with your private hosted panorama images and the Street View Service for the JavaScript API witch at the moment isn’t supported in the Google Maps SDK’s for iOS and Android.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned above, the IndoorView feature only supports publicly available Google Street View imagery but [in the Custom Street View documentation](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/streetview#CustomStreetView) you will find some well-written instructions on how to get up and running with your privately hosted panorama images and the Street View Service for the JavaScript API. At the moment, this is not supported in the Google Maps SDKs for iOS and Android.
```

When the photographer is done all the panorama file names should include a `panoramaId`, `zoom`, `tileX` and `tileY` property, and the panorama can be called from the server like below. Please see the [sample link](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/examples/streetview-custom-simple) for much more information on this.

```javascript
function getCustomPanoramaTileUrl(panoId, zoom, tileX, tileY) {
        return 'https://company/panorama/'
            + panoId + '-' + zoom + '-' + tileX + '-' + tileY + '.jpg';
}
```

> ### Under show advanced

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Under "Show advanced"
```

In the Edit Location Form you can do the following:

### Location Type
This can be changed by clicking on the drop down menu with Location Types.

### Name
Enter a new name if you want to change the name of the Location. You also have the option of adding another language.

### Description
Provide a description of the Location.
There is an option to add more information for this Location. This can be done by clicking on Location Type templates in the main navigation. From there you can add specific fields to a Location Type, those fields will then appear in the Location form.

### Categories
Set/change what Category it belongs to.

### Icon Settings

> Change the Icon associated with the Location. An icon can be chosen from the library or an icon can be uploaded. Use square images in .png format, 40x40 pixels, or 20x20 - as lower screen resolutions will use this size.

Author: Added a "see here..." link. Please review this line again.

### Image

> An image can be uploaded.

Author: Expanded a bit.

    "name": "Copenhagen",
     ...
    "streetViewConfig": {
      "panoramaId": "CAoSLEFGMVFpcE41dTZnVzNpVnU1WmliRjk0T2tpMENhZ3Fya3ljVFh3TjVzN2lY",
      "povHeading": 203.1294893976259,
      "povPitch": -13.068754012666432
    }
  }
}
```

The parameters above can be used to show a static Street View image through the Street View Static API. Please see [the documentation](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/streetview/intro) for more information.

A Street View panorama image can be initialized in a `<div>` the following way:

```javascript
function initStreetView(streetViewConfig) {
       const panorama = new google.maps.StreetViewPanorama(
            document.getElementById('panorama'),
            {
                pano: streetViewConfig.panoramaId,
                pov: {
                    heading: streetViewConfig.povHeading,
                    pitch: streetViewConfig.povPitch
                },
                zoom: 0,
                visible: true
            });
}
```

Please see the official [Google Street View Service documentation](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/streetview) for more information.

**Private hosted:**

> As mentioned above the IndoorView feature only support public available Google Street View imagery but [here](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/streetview#CustomStreetView) you will find some well-written documentation on how to get up running with your private hosted panorama images and the Street View Service for the JavaScript API witch at the moment isn’t supported in the Maps SDK’s for iOS and Android.

Author: Actually i mean Google Maps SDK's but "Google" is now added.

> When the photographer is done all the panorama file names should include a panorama Id, zoom, tileX and tileY property, and the panorama can be called from the server like below. Please see the [sample link](https://developers.google.com/maps/documentation/javascript/examples/streetview-custom-simple) for much more information on this.

Reviewer: Wrap all technical words in backticks, e.g. `panorama ID`

## Buildings

* Click on the pencil icon to the left of the Building name. A new menu will appear
* Edit Building name in the available languages

> * Edit floor names

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Edit Floor names
```

> * Select a default floor under "Show advanced".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Select a default Floor under "Show advanced".
```

>    The Building's default floor is used to manage panning across Buildings in the apps. In order to improve the user experience in the apps, the default floor is used when the Building panned to doesn’t have the floor index of the floor selector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The Building's default Floor is used to manage panning across Buildings in the apps. In order to improve the user experience in the apps, the default Floor is used when the Building panned to doesn't have the floor index of the floor selector.
```

Time, User, Action, ObjectType, ObjectId and ObjectData

- **Time:** Tells which user did the change (The email representing the user logged in to the system)
- **Action:** Tells what happened:
  - If data was added, the 'Action' will be set to 'Created'
  - If data was changed, the 'Action' will be set to 'Changed'
  - If data was deleted, the 'Action' will be set to 'Deleted'
- **ObjectType:** Tells what type of data was modified (eg. ‘building’, ‘location’, ‘user’, ‘graphdata’ ... )

> - **ObjectId:** Is a unique ID that represents the given data - Building, Location or whatever it is.

Reviewer: "Whatever it is" -> please elaborate 🙂

Author: I have no idea what the writer means here but it's also out of scope for this merge-request.
